image,captions
img (1).jpg,A group of people are sitting at desks in a room. 
img (1).jpg,A group of people appears to be an office or conference hall. 
img (1).jpg,A group of individuals are dressed in various types of clothing and some are using computers .
img (1).jpg,Few people sitting on desks appears to be using computers in an office .
img (2).jpg,This appears to be a auditorium in a university or office building .
img (2).jpg,This is a room with a screen and people in it with a ceiling and walls typical of an office building .
img (2).jpg,This is a room which includes indoor furniture like chairs desks and computers with a ceiling and walls typical of an office building .
img (2).jpg,few people are sitting in room which includes furniture like chairs and desks with a projection screen .
img (3).jpg,a group of people working in an office .
img (3).jpg,a hall with a wall ceiling furniture and floor .
img (3).jpg,a lecture hall auditorium in a university with a wall and ceiling and furniture and floor .
img (3).jpg,some people sitting in a office like room in a university with benches .
img (4).jpg,a group of people walking on a street lined with trees and buildings .
img (4).jpg,a scene of a city or town with pedestrians on the sidewalk .
img (4).jpg,a group of people walking on a street with big green trees and a car .
img (5).jpg,a tree in front of a building in a town or city and clouds can be seen in the background sky . 
img (5).jpg,a big white building which appears to be with windows and a facade .
img (5).jpg,some people standing under a tree in front of a white color building with windows .
img (6).jpg,a group of people standing outside in a public space during summer .
img (6).jpg,a group of people standing outside with some trees and a building and sky in the background .
img (6).jpg,group of people standing outside under trees with a white color building in background .
img (6).jpg,few people standing and sitting under a tree .
img (7).jpg,a white colored building with few trees in front of it .
img (7).jpg,an outdoor scene with a mix of urban design elements like windows and grass .
img (7).jpg,a building that may be a mixed-use property like an apartment building or hotel .
img (7).jpg,outdoor scene with an apartment building and grass in front .
img (9).jpg,a building with a walkway .
img (9).jpg,a white color building and a walkway with some people walking over .
img (10).jpg,a group of men standing in a hallway .
img (10).jpg,three men standing one man wearing jeans and the others wearing casual clothing .
img (10).jpg,a group of men standing indoors in a hallway infront of a door .
img (11).jpg,a person wearing a backpack walking down a hallway .
img (11).jpg,a person appears to be indoors possibly in a building hallway or a similar location .
img (11).jpg,a man is wearing footwear and is standing on a clean floor with walls and a ceiling in the background .
img (12).jpg,a person sitting on a bed in a closed room .
img (12).jpg,an indoor scene with a messy room .
img (12).jpg,a person sitting in a room with a bed table curtain linens and other furniture .
img (14).jpg,a blue bottle positioned on a cupboard .
img (14).jpg,a cupboard in a indoor setting .
img (15).jpg,a couple of men standing in a hallway .
img (15).jpg,few people standing in a hallway which has concrete walls and a floor .
img (15).jpg,a man with black bag in hands is standing in a hallway with doors .
img (16).jpg,a group of people sitting in a room with computers .
img (16).jpg,a group of people sitting in a computer lab with a lot of computers .
img (16).jpg,a group of individuals sitting in a lab and working on computers .
img (18).jpg,two men sitting on a bed indoors .
img (18).jpg,a group of men working on a bed indoors in a closed room .
img (18).jpg,few men wearing clothing and footwear while working on the bed in a room .
img (18).jpg,men working on a bed in a room with a table and a wall .
img (20).jpg,an office with multiple computers and no one around .
img (20).jpg,a room that contains office furniture such as computer desks office chairs and computer monitors . 
img (20).jpg,a well-lit room with a ceiling and walls visible with a lot of computers .
img (21).jpg,a group of people walking down a street .
img (21).jpg,few pedestrians on a sidewalk with buildings and trees in the background .
img (21).jpg,few people walking on street outdoor with trees in background and sky above them .
img (22).jpg,a large church or court with benches .
img (22).jpg,a court like place which has an empty aisle walls and a hallway .
img (22).jpg,a warm well lit room which is possibly a moot court or a church .
img (23).jpg,a group of people playing chess indoors .
img (23).jpg,two men playing a game of chess indoors .
img (23).jpg,two men wearing blue colored clother are playing chess in an indoor setting with a person looking over .
img (24).jpg,a group of people sitting at tables indoors .
img (24).jpg,a group of individuals are engaged in an activity such as learning or sharing .
img (24).jpg,a group of individuals having a meal sitting in a room with tables and chairs .
img (24).jpg,few people sitting on tables eating and sharing food in a mess .
img (25).jpg,a group of people playing tennis indoors at a sports venue .
img (25).jpg,few players are wearing athletic shoes and are engaged in a game on the court with a net .
img (25).jpg,a group of people playing badminton at a indoor sports venue .
img (26).jpg,a man playing tennis on a tennis court .
img (26).jpg,a man standing on a court is wearing athletic clothing and footwear and holding a tennis racket .
img (26).jpg,a man in white shirt is holding a tennis racket .
img (27).jpg,a group of people playing ping pong in a room .
img (27).jpg,individuals playing with table tennis rackets and a ball on a table indoors .
img (27).jpg,group of people playing table tennis in an indoor facility .
img (28).jpg,a group of people sitting in a room .
img (28).jpg,a bunch of people sitting in an educational setting like a classroom or auditorium .
img (28).jpg,there are men and women sitting on chairs wearing various types of clothing and footwear .
img (28).jpg,a lot of people sitting in a room with furniture like chairs and tables visible .
img (29).jpg,a man standing indoors new an ATM machine .
img (29).jpg,a man wearing black clothes and a backpack is standing in front of a machine .
img (29).jpg,a man wearing a backpack is working on a atm machine in  a room .
img (30).jpg,a group of women sitting on a wooden bench outdoors .
img (30).jpg,a group of women wearing casual clothing appears to be smiling .
img (30).jpg,a group of women sitting on wooden bench with grass on ground .
img (31).jpg,a group of people sitting at tables indoors .
img (31).jpg,few people engaged in a learning or educational activity .
img (31).jpg,few poeple sitting on benches indoors having a discussion and sharing knowledge .
img (32).jpg,a very big room with tables and chairs .
img (32).jpg,a library which contains magazines and various furniture like tables chairs and shelves .
img (32).jpg,a big empty room which appears to be library of a study area with various books and desks .
img (33).jpg,a person speaking to a group of people in a room .
img (33).jpg,a big room that contains furniture like chairs and tables with people sitting and listening to the speaker .
img (33).jpg,a lot of people sitting packed in a big room with a women standing in front .
img (34).jpg,few people playing cricket outdoors .
img (34).jpg,scene includes a cricket player grass field sports equipment like a cricket bat and ball .
img (34).jpg,two men wearing white sport shirts playing cricket outdoors on field .
img (35).jpg,a man and a woman sitting in an office in front of a computer .
img (35).jpg,a man and a woman appear to be engaged in work or a discussion .
img (35).jpg,a woman sitting on desk with computer in front of her .
img (36).jpg,a man and a woman looking at a machine .
img (36).jpg,a man and a woman in an indoor setting working on a machine related to technology .
img (36).jpg,a man wearing red color shirt with a girt is sitting in a room working on a machine .
img (37).jpg,a group of people playing football outdoors on a grass field .
img (37).jpg,a group of people outdoors in a field .
